Well, I that important. Well, I've been on two ships in the Pacific on
two ships in the Atlantic. Deployed, deployed, notion deployed. Is
it asked where happened? 57 minutes. Um, allover award. Well, Jones
said, see the world I signed on while doing that? Where were you stationed
at? What was it like there? I have sensation, you know, physician
longer, child order. A lot of fun, usually Japan civilization there.
Two years also on because I just speak the language on I Look
on a ship there. All right, now, will you? Excellent. A lot of fun.
I got my master's degree. Will probably go. Uh, Charleston, South Carolina,
on there is a chief engineer for California. No, for Virginia,
Chief engineer of the Aurora. Excellent. Off on our door. A lot of
fun for the family on my final active tour. Waas at the awesome military
affairs at CIA. So I have a D c tour. Uh, that was probably amounts
of fun doing that job